# ⭐ 1.8.101

## April 21, 2023 <a href="#id-1.8.101-april-21-2023" id="id-1.8.101-april-21-2023"></a>

_This update features the new NIST Park scenario, the new Arrowhead flyable drone, and quite a few squashed bugs._

**New Features ✨**

* New Flyable Scenarios
  * NIST Park
    * The NIST Park scenario features a lovely neighborhood park populated by a plethora of flight environments and NIST test setups.
    * List of Modules
      * Free Flight - Explore the various flight environments and NIST test setups at your own pace.
* New Flyable Drones
  * Arrowhead
    * The rugged Arrowhead from Uniform Sierra is designed to meet the needs of First Responders. Versatile and speedy, the Arrowhead's top feature is its powerful video system.
* Updated Flyable Scenarios
  * Sim-wide update to add grading criteria to module descriptions.

**Bug Fixes 🪲**

* Controller trim/deadzone settings have been updated to be more consistent.
* Fixed a bug where previous scores were displaying incorrectly on the module selection screen.
* Fixed a bug where drone audio would continue to play after the drone crashed.
* Fixed a bug where the onscreen controller would not remain hidden.
* Fixed various foliage colliders throughout the sim.
* Updated code for enabling and disabling drones in a module.
* Updated module drone availability rosters throughout the sim.
* Fixed a bug where drone debris was displaying incorrectly after a crash.
* Fixed a bug in the Parking Lot scenario where a drone could be out of bounds while on the ground.
* Fixed a bug where NIST buckets had no collider.
* Fixed a bug where quickly changing altitude direction with some drones could result in the sim crashing.
* Fixed collision for the Phantom 3 and Phantom 4.
