# ⭐ v1.10.5

## v1.10.5

### October 23, 2025

_This update includes two new scenarios "Miami Beach" and "SAR Fundamentals" (Search and rescue) with 17 modules total. It also includes a major flight physics overhaul impacting every drone in the simulator for better flight accuracy. The Capture system has also had a major under-the-hood update that should allow for more accurate captures, multi-target captures, and zoom being factored in._

**New Features ✨**

* New Flyable Scenarios
  * SAR Fundamentals
    * This scenario allows for basic Search & Rescue training in a densely wooded area along a riverbank.
    * List of Modules
      * Free Flight - Explore the river valley wilderness at your own pace
      * Canopy Search - Find a missing person lost somewhere in the valley
      * Situational Awareness 01 - 03 - Navigate your drone through a densely wooded areas
      * Glideslope 01 - Training for the basic principles of the glideslope drone flight maneuver
      * Zoom Reveal 01 - Training for the basic principles of the zoom reveal drone flight maneuver
      * Missing Kayaker - Find a missing kayaker lost in the wilderness by following a trail of clues
  * Beach
    * This lively scenario provides boardwalk atmosphere with South Florida views.
    * List of Modules
      * Free Flight - Explore the beachfront at your own pace
      * Beach Tour - Take a leisurely tour of points of interest around the beach area
      * Racing Circuit 01 - 03 - Increasingly difficult racing circuits in the beach area
      * Pier Slalom - Test your stick skills with this trickly slalom through a pier's support pillars
      * Beach Scavenger Hunt - Find the rubber ducks hidden around the beachfront area
      * Building Scavenger Hunt - Find the rubber ducks hidden around the building and street area
      * Missing Person - Find the missing person somewhere in the beach area

**Improvements** 🙌

* System Updates
  * Major Flight Physics Update
    * We made major changes to Zephyr's underlying flight system, impacting every flyable drone in the sim.
  * Capture System Update
    * Major under-the-hood changes were made to Zephyr's capture system. These changes include:
      * Camera zoom is now factored into target capture validity
      * More accurate target captures
      * Multi-target capture
  * Controller Updates
    * Added new controller profiles for a different version of the BetaFPV LiteRadio 3

**Bug Fixes 🐛**

* Fixed a graphical issue in the NIST Park scenario
* Fixed and issue impacting the capture targets in NIST scenarios
* Fixed multiple shader and graphical issues sim-wide
* Fixed an issue impacting report times
* Fixed flight feel and behavior of the Avata 2
* Fixed several issues impacting drone camera behavior
* Fixed several issues impacting mini-map functionality
* Fixed several issues impacting the existing BetaFPV LiteRadio 3 controller profiles

Known Issues ❗

* Updating DLC in the Launcher for a version of the Simulator that has not yet been released results in  the update failing. A future Launcher update will be released to handle this more gracefully.
* A small camera stabilization issue, when changing pitch/roll directions quickly.
* Moving your pitch/roll stick to the extremes (UpRight, UpLeft, DownLeft, DownRight) cause the drone to move slower than expected.
* At lower FPS, a prevalent "camera wobble" when flying certain drones can be seen.

