# ⭐ 1.8.59

## January 4, 2023 <a href="#id-1.8.59-january-4-2023" id="id-1.8.59-january-4-2023"></a>

_This update includes the full release of the Island scenario, the addition of the Alta X as a flyable drone, and controller support for the ORQA FPV.Ctrl._

**New Features ✨**

* Updated Flyable Scenarios
  * The Island Scenario - Full Release
    * Island Tour Module: Take a leisurely, self-guided tour of several of the Island's major points of interest.
    * Island Circuit Module: Our biggest racing circuit to date! How fast can you navigate this course covering the entire island?
    * Boat Landing Module: Several boats are adrift in the waters surrounding the island. Find and land on each boat.
    * Tower Ascent Module: Fly through and around the supports of a power station tower until you reach the top.
    * Power Line Run Module: Test your ability to hold a straight line as you navigate your drone though the tight confines of this power line course.
    * Dock Shuttle Module: How quickly can you safely navigate through all the checkpoints on this shuttle course with your yaw locked?
    * Lighthouse Ascent Module: Pilot your drone up the spiral staircase of the lighthouse. How hard could it be?
    * Rubber Duck Scavenger Hunt Module: Ten rubber ducks are scattered around the village grounds. Can you find them all? This module is endlessly replayable, as the ducks will be in different locations each time!
* New Flyable Drones
  * Alta X
    * The Alta X from Freefly Systems is a payload-carrying powerhouse featuring proprietary technology like ActiveBlade rotors and an integrated quick release system. Introduced in 2019, the Alta X features a top speed of over 60 mph and a flight time of around 25 minutes with the MōVI Carbon payload.
* New Supported Controllers
  * ORQA FPV.Ctrl

**Bug Fixes 🪲**

* Corrected inconsistencies in module timers
* Fixed a backend grading issue for NIST scenarios
