---
icon: pen-fancy
---

# Privacy Statement

Effective date: **April 6, 2026**

Last Updated: **March 31, 2026**

Little Arms Studios, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the [https://zephyr-sim.com/](https://zephyr-sim.com/) website (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible from [https://zephyr-sim.com/terms-and-conditions](https://zephyr-sim.com/terms-and-conditions)

{% hint style="info" %}
Summary of Updates and Changes:

* Added "Date of Birth (Optional)" to Personal Data section
* Updated Tracking & Cookie Data section to include Analytics cookies
* Updated "Do Not Track" Signals section to state that we now support them
* Added "Additional Rights for European Economic Area and United Kingdom Residents" section
* Added Apollo.io as a third party service provider
{% endhint %}

## Information We Collect And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information or data that alone or together with any other data or information can be used to identify, directly or indirectly, a natural person or otherwise relates to an identified or identifiable natural person ("Personal Data"). We collect the following Personal Data  limited to:

* Email address
* First name and last name (Optional)
* Date of Birth (Optional)
* Phone number (Optional)
* Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City (Optional)
* Cookies
* Data automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service itself (for example, the duration of a page visit)(Usage Data)

#### Usage Data

Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookie Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

* Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
* Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
* Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
* Analytics Cookies. Such as Google Tags

### Use of Data

Little Arms Studios, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:

* provide and maintain our Service
* notify you about changes to our Service
* To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
* To provide customer support
* To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
* To monitor the usage of our Service
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues
* To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

### Retention of Data

Little Arms Studios, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Little Arms Studios, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Data

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Little Arms Studios, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

### Disclosure of Data

#### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Little Arms Studios, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Legal Requirements

Little Arms Studios, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* To comply with a legal obligation
* To protect and defend the rights or property of Little Arms Studios, Inc.
* To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
* To protect against legal liability

In addition, if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, dissolution, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, personal information may be disclosed or transferred as part of that transaction. In such cases, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any recipient of personal information is subject to appropriate confidentiality and data protection obligations and that your information continues to be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement or an equivalent privacy framework.

### Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### "Do Not Track" Signals

Our website respects your privacy. If you have enabled the Do Not Track (DNT) feature in your browser, we do not track your browsing activities. However, please note that not all third parties we work with may comply with DNT requests.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Rights

Little Arms Studios, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at [privacy@littlearms.com](mailto:privacy@littlearms.com).

* To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
* To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
* To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you

You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Little Arms Studios, Inc. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

#### Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the [Google Privacy & Terms](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) web page.

**Google Ads**

We use **Google Ads** to promote our products and services across the web. This includes features such as:

* **Remarketing**: Showing our ads to users who have previously visited our website.
* **Conversion Tracking**: Measuring the effectiveness of our ads by tracking user actions on our site after an ad click.
* **Demographic and Interest Reporting**: Allowing us to better understand the types of users visiting our website.

Google uses cookies and device identifiers to serve ads based on a user’s past visits to our website or other websites. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.

This data is processed in accordance with[ Google’s Privacy Policy ](https://policies.google.com/privacy)and is subject to [Google’s Advertising Policies](https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/54817).

We may use the following Google Ads features:

* Google Ads Remarketing
* Google Display Network Impression Reporting
* Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
* Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes, including the collection of data via advertising cookies and identifiers

You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting [Google Ads Settings](https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated). You can also use the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/) page or the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

We do not merge personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product unless we have your prior affirmative consent to that merger.

#### Apollo.io

We use Apollo.io (“Apollo”) to support our business-to-business (B2B) sales and marketing activities. Apollo is a sales intelligence and engagement platform that helps us understand how organizations interact with our website, identify and learn about potential business customers, and analyze engagement with our content and services. When you use our site and have consented to sales and marketing cookies, Apollo may collect information such as your IP address, pages visited, referring site, device and browser type, and similar usage data. This information is used to improve our marketing and sales outreach, tailor our communications, and support our B2B relationships. Apollo processes data in accordance with its own privacy policy. You can manage or withdraw your consent for this tracking at any time through our [https://wiki.zephyr-sim.com/privacy-and-security/privacy-statement/cookies#how-to-control-cookies](https://wiki.zephyr-sim.com/privacy-and-security/privacy-statement/cookies#how-to-control-cookies) page or your browser settings.

### Payments

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not collect or store your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

* Stripe: Their Privacy Policy can be viewed [here](https://stripe.com/privacy).

## Additional Rights for European Economic Area and United Kingdom Residents

If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you may be entitled to additional rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation ("UK GDPR"), respectively. These rights are in addition to, and may expand upon, the rights described elsewhere in this Privacy Statement.

We have prepared a supplementary document that provides comprehensive information about the specific rights afforded to data subjects under the GDPR and UK GDPR, including detailed explanations of each right, the circumstances under which each right applies, and how you may exercise your rights.

To review the full description of your rights as a European data subject, please access our GDPR Data Subject Rights Addendum [https://wiki.zephyr-sim.com/privacy-and-security/privacy-statement/gdpr-privacy-statement-addendum](https://wiki.zephyr-sim.com/privacy-and-security/privacy-statement/gdpr-privacy-statement-addendum).

You may exercise any of these rights by contacting us at privacy@littlearms.com.

## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Services are primarily designed for adult users. However, we do offer student users an opportunity to use our Services through an education provider. We provide education providers a copy of our Student Data and Privacy Notice prior to providing Services. For a copy of our Student Data and Privacy Notice, please contact us as provided below.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

* By email: [privacy@littlearms.com](mailto:privacy@littlearms.com)
* By visiting this page on our website: [https://zephyr-sim.com/contact](https://zephyr-sim.com/contact)
