# Privacy Statement March 1, 2025

Effective date: **March 1, 2025**

Little Arms Studios, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the [https://zephyr-sim.com/](https://zephyr-sim.com/) website (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible from [https://zephyr-sim.com/terms-and-conditions](https://zephyr-sim.com/terms-and-conditions)​Change hint typeSummary of Updates and Changes:

* Removed Definitions Section
* Clarified optional personal data collected
* Clarified “Usage Data”
* Condensed “Transfer of Data” section
* Removed “Business Transaction” from “Disclosure of Data” section
* Clarified “Children’s Policy” section
* Clarified “Changes To This Privacy Policy” section

### Information We Collect And Use <a href="#information-we-collect-and-use" id="information-we-collect-and-use"></a>

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

#### Types of Data Collected <a href="#types-of-data-collected" id="types-of-data-collected"></a>

**Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information or data that alone or together with any other data or information can be used to identify, directly or indirectly, a natural person or otherwise relates to an identified or identifiable natural person ("Personal Data"). We collect the following Personal Data limited to:

* Email address
* First name and last name (Optional)
* Phone number (Optional)
* Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City (Optional)
* Cookies
* Data automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service itself (for example, the duration of a page visit)(Usage Data)

**Usage Data**

Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

**Tracking & Cookie Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Examples of Cookies we use:

* Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
* Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
* Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

#### Use of Data <a href="#use-of-data" id="use-of-data"></a>

Little Arms Studios, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:

* provide and maintain our Service
* notify you about changes to our Service
* To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
* To provide customer support
* To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
* To monitor the usage of our Service
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues
* To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

Change hint type**Plain and Simple**The data we collect is used for a comprehensive and easy experience on our Service.

#### Retention of Data <a href="#retention-of-data" id="retention-of-data"></a>

Little Arms Studios, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.Little Arms Studios, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.Change hint type**Plain and Simple**We will only keep your data saved as long as is necessary to the function of the Service or by law.

#### Transfer of Data <a href="#transfer-of-data" id="transfer-of-data"></a>

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.Little Arms Studios, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.Change hint type**Plain and Simple**We are a U.S. based company with hosting servers located in the U.S. Naturally by signing up on our Service, the information you provide will be transferred to our servers which may be outside of your physical location. Security is something we take very seriously so you can rest assured that we take necessary means to keep your data safe and secure.

#### Disclosure of Data <a href="#disclosure-of-data" id="disclosure-of-data"></a>

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**

Under certain circumstances, Little Arms Studios, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Legal Requirements <a href="#legal-requirements" id="legal-requirements"></a>

Little Arms Studios, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* To comply with a legal obligation
* To protect and defend the rights or property of Little Arms Studios, Inc.
* To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
* To protect against legal liability

Change hint type**Plain and Simple**Under a few circumstances we may disclose your data to certain parties. These circumstances include a merger, acquisition or asset sale of Little Arms Studios, Inc. or this Service, law enforcement agency with the proper warrant(s), or various legal situations that may arise.

#### Security of Data <a href="#security-of-data" id="security-of-data"></a>

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Plain and SimpleWe try to protect any transmission of data, but because of the nature of the internet, during a transmission of data we are not 100% in control of the data the entire time."Do Not Track" SignalsWe do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. We do not handle "Do Not Track" requests on our website. We might in the future, but currently we do not.You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.Plain and SimpleWe do not handle "Do Not Track" requests on our website. We might in the future, but currently we do not.Your RightsLittle Arms Studios, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us atprivacy@littlearms.com.To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about youTo rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurateTo request the deletion of Personal Data held about youYou have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Little Arms Studios, Inc. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.Plain and SimpleYou are absolutely entitled to tell us what you do and do not want tracked and stored on our Service. If we do not have a way for you to personally change this under your account settings, just send us an email atprivacy@littlearms.comand we'll do our best to update your preferences in a timely manner. You can also ask us for a copy of your existing data on our Service. Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us atprivacy@littlearms.comto make the required changes.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.AnalyticsGoogle AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit theGoogle Privacy & Termsweb page.HotjarWe use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section ofHotjar’s support site.PaymentsWe may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).We will not collect or store your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.The payment processors we work with are:Stripe Their Privacy Policy can be viewedhere.Plain and SimpleSome things we just can not do on our own. In these cases, we research and choose a reliable and secure third party service to handle these tasks. Currently we use Google Analytics, and Hotjar for usage data and Stripe for payment processing. Their policy links are listed on the left.Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Plain and SimpleSometimes we link relevant information from other sites on this site. We do our best to vet everything we put on our site, but while visiting their site, we are not responsible for anything that happens on their site.Children's PrivacyOur Services are primarily designed for adult users. However, we do offer student users an opportunity to use our Services through an education provider. We provide education providers a copy of our Student Data and Privacy Notice prior to providing Services. For a copy of our Student Data and Privacy Notice, please contact us as provided below.Plain and SimpleOur Service is not intended for children. If we find that someone under age is using our Service, we will take immediate steps to remove any information related to the user.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Plain and SimpleWe will change this policy in the future, but we will let you know beforehand in a reasonable amount of time so you can decide if you still want to use our services.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:<br>
